This file contains design concepts for goal-oriented behavior for the Star Trek game, which we will try first. Might later
try a blackboard architecture.

List of possible goals for Star Trek AI player:
(1)	Find Klingon ship
	Actions: SRS, LRS, NAV to quadrant, NAV to sector
	Note: Nav may be needed within a quadrant to get out of the way of a star that is blocking navigating to
			the desired quadrant. If this is the case, then NAV to sector and NAV to quadrant should be
			constructed as a sequential action.
	Note: SRS and LRS might also be a sequential action, where we try SRS first, and LRS if SRS does not located a klingon ship.
	Insistence: Low/zero, when a Klingon ship is located in current quadrant, {?or on LRS, or on the galactic record?}.
					High when a Klingon ship is not located in current quadrant, {?or on LRS, or on the galactic record?}.
	Think this might be a sequential action, where we try SRS, then LRS, then NAV to quadrant.
(2)	Destroy Klingon ship
	Actons: TOR, PHA, Nav to sector
	Note: Nav may be needed within a quadrant to get out of the way of a star that is blocking a torpedo'spath to
			the klingon ship. (need a function that returns the path). If this is the case, NAV to sector and TOR/PHA
			should be constructed as a sequential action.
	Insistence: Low/zero, when a Klingon ship is destroyed, or when the ship is not in the current quadrant.
					High when a Klingon ship is in the current quadrant, and not destroyed.
(3) Repair Damage, by:
	Insistence: Low/zero, when the ship is repaired, or when the ship is not damaged.
					High when the ship is damaged, and not repaired.
	(3a.1) Find Starbase
	Actions: SRS, LRS, NAV to quadrant
	(3a.2) Dock with Starbase, or
	Actions: NAV to sector
	(3b.1) Wait for repairs to be completed by Enterprise crew
	This is do nothing but suffer the consequences of limited ability, while navigating as best as possible.
(4) Restore energy, by:
	Insistence: Low/zero, when the ship is fully energized.
					Increases continusously as energy reserves are depleted, but probably not linearly.
					High when energy reserves drop below a value requred to hold shields, fire phasers, navigate.
	(4a.1) Find Starbase
	Actions: SRS, LRS, NAV to quadrant
	(4a.2) Dock with Starbase
	Actions: NAV to sector
(5) Restore torpedoes, by:
	Insistence: Low/zero, when the ship is fully stocked with torpedoes.
					Increases continusously as torpedoes are depleted, but probably not linearly.
					High when torpedoes are gone.
	(4a.1) Find Starbase
	Actions: SRS, LRS, NAV to quadrant
	(4a.2) Dock with Starbase
	Actions: NAV to sector
(6) Survive (for example, the action here would be to raise shields)
	Insistence: Low/zero, when the ship is not in a quadrant with klingon ships, or is, but shields are up.
					VERY High (getting shields up takes priority) when the ship is in a quadrant with klingon ships and not docked with a starbase.
	Actions: Raise shields, or increase shield energy
	Note: Survival could also encompass repairs and energy restoration...
(7)	Explore galaxy, that is, build out the galactic record
	Insistence: High when all other goals are low, since this is a goal when nothing more pressing is going on.
					Low when any other goal is not low.			
	Actions: LRS, NAV to quadrant, NAV to sector
	Note: May not be needed since finding Klingon ship is a goal, and finding Starvase is a goal, both of which will 
		lead to exploration of the galaxy.

Numerically values for discontentment:
	Zero = 0
	Low = 2
	High = 4
	Very High = 8

Another decision making option would be to use a blackboard architecture.
Experts: Navigation, Combat, Scan, Damage Control, Energy Management

